haha see the look on his face
did you two plan this what's going on
I should probably go after him hey
so that's all I get for getting you the diamond
no of course not
that's what I came here for
a fucking bitch
I don't get why Nathan Forbes would do that for Blair
okay but you knew I really wanted that
yeah I'm sorry I got out bid okay
okay well
why don't you just bid higher con
can you please not be a bitch too please
who the fuck knew Blair was gonna want the necklace
who the fuck knew Nathan was gonna show up
and who the fuck does he think he is
this family gets a little bit of money
and he just thinks he can run this town
I can't believe I was gonna marry such an asshole
so don't
Nathan Forbes
probably heard that I was running for Congress
he's trying to put dirt to my name
I'm gonna deal with that fucking jerk